Ad Hoc homework problems
===========================

Each directory contains a homework problem, four in total. Please complete (or
at least attempt) all four before submitting. Make sure to read the README in
each directory, it will give you important information on completing each
problem.

We're on the honor system here: don't get help from or give help to another
person or a resource on the internet. Do the work yourself. It's okay if you
need to consult language docs or the MDN or similar.

Getting help
------------

If you get stuck, have a question, or want to clarify any aspect of the
homework, you can contact members of our development team by:

 - emailing homework@adhocteam.us
 - joining our public Slack channel: https://adhocteam-public.herokuapp.com

We think a sign of a good developer is one who asks questions sooner, rather
than later. We are happy to help guide you to the right solution.

Submitting your completed homework
----------------------------------

To submit your homework, zip or tar up the contents of this repo (please remove
the .git directory, and anything else that might identify you), and email it to:

 jobs@adhocteam.us

If you want to include any comments with your submission, add them to the
COMMENTS file.

If there's anything important for us to know about how to run your code, please
include that information in the COMMENTS file. We use Go, Ruby, and Python on a
daily basis, so if you're submission is in some other language (which is OK),
please let us know how we can set up our environment to run your code.

Evaluation process
------------------

When we receive your homework, we'll assign it a random number, so that our team
does not know whose submission they are reviewing. Your homework will be
reviewed by at least three senior engineers on our team.

A quick tip
-----------

A note about what we're looking for: we tend to favor solutions that clearly
and concisely solve the problem at hand. We're not looking for an
over-engineered solution. We want to see how you approach the problem,
understand what's being asked, and solve it. We tend to favor solutions that
are simple, elegant, and efficient.

Good luck! We look forward to reviewing your submission.
